# Project Overview
## Group Members
- Cole DeVlaeminck
- Lucas England
## Project Title
\[title pending]
## Description
\[title pending] is a command-line application developed in C for storing account information. Users can create profiles, save usernames & passwords for their accounts, and view their saved usernames/passwords. Users will be able to store the account information of multiple different accounts per website, and access whichever one they choose. Usernames must be entered manually, but passwords provide the option to have one randomly generated for you. The files where all this information is stored will be encrypted for security.
# Key Features & Functionalities
## Profile Management (20 pts)
Users can create, update, and delete profiles in the system. Profile data, such as user information and saved passwords, is stored locally in an encrypted text file. Editing or deleting a profile requires the user to be logged in.

## Password Management (20 pts)
Users can create, update, delete, and list password entries. Password entries will consist of a site name, a URL corresponding to the site’s login page, and one or more pairs of usernames and passwords. URLs and usernames will be provided by users, and passwords can be either generated by the program or provided by the user (for if they are entering credentials for an existing account).

## Local Storage & Encryption (20 pts)
User profiles and credentials are stored in text files within the system Files created by the program will be encrypted before being written to disq, to prevent users from accessing password entries that do not belong to them.

## Multiple accounts per website (15 pts)
Users can create multiple password entries for a single website, and choose which one they want to see after they select a website.

## Password Generation (20 pts)
When creating a password entry, a user can choose whether to provide an existing password or generate a new, secure password.

## Site/Account sorting (5 pts)
Users can manually change the order of profiles, websites, and accounts.

## Bonus Feature (5 pts)
The ability for the program to open the login page and enter the relevant credentials on the user’s behalf.
